Email message has mainly 6 parts:
    1. Pleasantry
    2. Introduction
    3. Purpose
    4. details
    5. Call-to-action
    6. Pleasantry

1. Pleasantry: To offer a pleasant feeling to the recipient.
    How are you? I hope you are well.
    I hope you are doing well.
    I hope you are having a good week.
    I hope you had a good weekend.
    I hope your weekend was great.
    
    If contacting after long time:
        Sorry, It's been a while. I hope you are doing well.

    If according to recipient's:
        If recipient got a new job:
            I hope you are enjoying your new workplace.
            I hope you have settled in your new job.
            Congrats on your promotion.

        If someone recovered from health problem:
            I hope your health is better now.
            I hope your leg(problem) is fine now.
            I hope you have fully recovered from your injury.
            I hope you are back in action after your surgery.
        
        If someone got personal acheivement:
            Congratulations on your marriage.
            Congrats on the baby boy/baby girl.
            Congrats on your new Car.
            I Hope you had a great hoiday in Paris.
            I hope you enjoyed your holiday in Goa.
            I hope your holiday was refreshing.
            Congratulations on your daughter's marriage.

        If you met someone recently:
            It was geat meeting at the party last week.
            It was great meeting you last week.
            It was really nice to chat with you this morning.
            It was a pleasure talikng to you at the Annual Conference.
        
            Thanks for your time yesterday.
            Thanks for taking out time to visit me yesterday.
            Thanks for coming over for the lunch yesterday.

        If someone replied to your email, then you can reply next:
            It's good to hear back from you.
            Thank you for the prompt response.
            Thank you for the quick revert.
            I appreciate your quick reply.
            Thank you for getting back to me promptly.

        If you get late for reply:
            Sorry for the late reply.
            I apologize for the late response.
            Sorry for taking long to revert.

        If your old customer/collegue connect to you after long time:
            Glad to hear from you again.
            I am happy that we have reconnected after so long.
            I am glad that we are in touch again.

        If someone emails you just for information:
            Thank you for the information.
            Thank you for letting me know.
            Thank you for keeping me posted.

        If someone gives status about your work.
            Thank you for informing me.
            Thank you for sharing.
        
        If someone informs you about something(holiday/leaves) in advance:
            Thank you for the heads up.

        If no Pleasantry matches while replying:
            Thank you for reaching out to me.
            Thank you for writing.
            Thank you for your email.
            Thank you for contacting me.

Note: If you are interacting with someone frequently in a day, then no need to write Pleasantry everyone time


Introduction:
    It will come only when someone doesn't now you or you are interacting with someone for the first time.
    If you are contacting someone whom you are familiar with then this can be skipped.

    I am Ajay Kumar, head of marketing at ABC Graphics Pvt. Ltd. We are in top 10 advertising agencies
    of India and well-known for our successful projects with pepsi, Nike, Airtel and many more.

    I am Varun Desai, business Development executive at Lopa technologies. Our company ia a startup founded
    by IIT, IIM graduates, and a winner of India's most ineresting start-up award.

    I am Rajive Pathak, co-founder of an ecommerce company 'Kharido.com'.
    We deliver groceries over 1 million households across 50 cities and town in India.

