Purpose:

I am writing to enquire about...
Eg: I am writing to enquire about the website design servces of your company.

I am writing to inform you that...   
Eg: I am writing to inform you that our new products are available at 50% discount for a limited period.

I am writing in connection with...
Eg: I am writing in connection with the samples sent by you for our review.

I am writing with regard to...
Eg: I am writing with regard to the insurance policy issued by your company.

I wanted to touch base with you regarding...
Eg: I wanted to touch base with you regarding the upcoming trade fair in Delhi.

I wanted to see if you would like me to...
Eg: I wanted to see if you would like me to send you some samples of our product.

I am writing to express my interest in...
Eg: I am writing to express my interest in the position of sales manager.

I am writing to express my dissatisfication with...
Eg: I am writing to express y dissatisfication with the quality of products supplied by you.

I am writing to draw your attention to...
Eg: I am writing to draw your attention to the issue of frequent voltage fluctuations in our area.

I wanted to update you on...
Eg: I wanted to update you on the status of your complaint dated 6th October 2020.

This is to inform you that...
Eg: This is to inform you that our office will be closed on Sunday, 18h October 2020.

Please be advised...
Eg: Please be advised that the new canteen on the second floor is operational now.

I am writing on behalf of...
Eg: I am writing on behalf of my CEO, Mr. Amit Mahajan.

As discussed, I am proving you...(If already discussed with someone over phone or in person)
Eg: As discussed, I am proving you the details of your insurance policy.

As discussed, I am sending you...
Eg: As discussed, I am sending you the list of documents required for your visa interview.

As per our conversation, I am providing you...
Eg: As per our conversation, I am providing you some samples of our work.

As per our phone call this morning, I am sending...
Eg: As per our phone call this morning, I am sending my driver to pick up the shipment from your office.

This is regarding...(to intorduce any topic)
Eg: This is regading the latest increase in prices of your products.

This is to give you a heads up...(to alert in advance)
Eg: This is to give you a heads up that I will be on leave on Friday next week.

(If emailing to give any good news):

It gives me immense pleasure to inform you that...
Eg: It gives me immense pleasure to inform you that our company has been awarded with the Fastest Growing
    Start-up award by NASSCOM.

I am happy to inform you that...
Eg: I am happy to inform you that our company has recently partnered with Microsoft for provide training to
    our employees.

I am delighted to share that...
Eg: I am delighted to share that our company is now a registered member of NASSCOM.

I am glad to announce that...
Eg: I am glad to announce that the company has chosen Mr. Abhinav Pal to head the sales department moving forward.

With a heavy heart I inform you that...
Eg: With a heavy heart, I inform you that our senior manager Mr. Brij Mohan has passed away.

I am deeply saddened to inform you that...
Eg: I am deeply saddened to inform you that our CEO Mr. Kunal Bhatt's mother is no more.

I regret to inform you that...
Eg: I regret to inform you hat our company's license has been cancelled by the government.


To reply:
I am glad to know that...(to reply some good news)
Eg: I am glad to know that you have shrtlisted our company for this project.

I am sorry to know that...to reply any negative news)
Eg: I am sorry to know that our company wasn't selected for the project.

I would be delighted to...
Eg: I would be delighted to work in your team.

It would be my pleasure to...
Eg: It would be my pleasure to assists you with the details.

We are pleased to inform you that...
Eg: We are pleased to inform you that your application has been shortlisted for a face-to-face interview.

We are glad to inform you that...
Eg: We are glad to inform you that the items requested by you are in stock.

I am afraid I won't be able to...(kisi kam ko mna krte huye jon nhi kar payenge)
Eg: I am affraid I won't be able to offer any further discount on our services.

I regret to inform you that...
Eg: I regret to inform you that your profile wasn't shortlisted for the position of web designer.

I am sorry to inform you that...
Eg: I am sorry to inform you that we have postponed the event due to unavoidable circumstances.

I am sorry I wo't be able to...
Eg: I am sorry I won't be able to help you with this.

Unfortunately, our company won't be able to...
Eg: Unfortunately, our company won't be able to take up this project at this price.

Thank you for your offer, but it won't be possible for us to...
Eg: Thank you for your offer, but it won't be possible for us to complete the poject within a month's time.

I appreciate your offer, but it won't be possible for us to...
Eg: I appreciate your offer, but it won't be possible for us to deliver the product by next week.

As discussed earlier, we would be happy to...
Eg: As discussed earlier, we would be happy to review your current salary package and make amendments as appropriate.

As per your request, below is...
Eg: As per your request, below is the data for our sales department.

As per your request, here are the details of...
Eg: As per your request, here are the details of the new project.

As requested by Mr. Tondon, here are the details of...
Eg: As requested by Mr. Tandon, here are the details of all the work completed by our company in the last six months.


When someone complaint about our product in email then can be replied:
We apologize for the inconvenience caused to you.

To reply if cstomer inform about any issue which we didn't notice:
Thank you for bringing this issue to our notice.



Sample email:

Dear  Mr. Gupta,

I hope you had a good weekend.

I am Varun Desai, business development executive at Lopa Techologies.
Our company is a atrt-up founded by IIT IIM graduates, and winner of India's 
most interesting start-up award.

I am writing to inform you that our new products are available at a 50% discount
for a limited period.

Regards,
Signature
